Docs: Add note on `default.js` receiving params (#61454)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/02-file-conventions/default.mdx

## Props

### `params` (optional)

> An object containing the [dynamic route parameters](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/dynamic-routes) from the root segment down to the subpage. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
An object containing the [dynamic route parameters](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/dynamic-routes) from the root segment down to the slot's subpages. For example:
```
